Doctor!
The patient is still going back
Too weak to be stimulated?
This time, it was a close call.
Wake up in a while
Remember not to stimulate the patient again
Ok, thanks doctor.
Are you rich?
I thought I was amazing.
You and Xiao Shen and others Hu Mang
What's the difference between you and him?
Sister, I was wronged.
Huang Yun and I are innocent
Nothing happened to me.
You give me some time.
I will definitely investigate this matter clearly.
Yes, Sister Na
Wang Yan likes the first brother
But the first brother made it clear that he rejected him
Even said I gave it to him
Haven't seen each other much?
Yes, I also thank Mr. Li
He would never do anything wrong to his sister-in-law.
Hmph, you are all Li Yi's people
Of course speak for him
But even Xiaoxue can't count on her parents and family
sister
Xiaoxue is still angry
When he wakes up, please help me persuade him.
You give me some time.
I will definitely give you a satisfactory answer.
You'd better give Xiaoxue an explanation.
At least I won't let you go